Add one more limitation to Cloud/Database Backups (#7196)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/databases/backups.md

- **SQL Server logins** - Custom SQL Server logins (for example, admin, sysuser, etc.) may conflict with existing logins when restoring the database in the hosting platform.
- **Complex Database Objects** - Custom complex database objects in SQL is an element with external dependencies or special server configurations, which may result in conflicts when restoring the database in our hosting platform.

> Also note: Restoring a database will switch the existing database with a fresh one with the restored content. Because the initial database is removed you will not be able to create database backups with a timestamp that lies before the restore. Any existing backups are still available though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
Restoring a database replaces the existing database with a fresh one containing the restored content. Since the original database is removed, you cannot create database backups with a timestamp earlier than the restore. However, any existing backups are still available.
{% endhint %}
```
